[Music]
so seeker but do a it's like a brush
comparison I've done the lotions the
pomades told you those things they're
not necessities when it comes to getting
waves but you know they're they can help
the enhance brush is your only necessity
and should be added you have the brush
and the do-rag
all right the brush is something to hold
a it could be a wrap you know be just
something to use to hold the air in
place but now we're gonna talk about the
brush all right I got the best rap just
do rag I got that coming up soon but
today again we're told with a brush all
right now of course a lot of guys you
see on here talking love them swear by
the Andes alright this one Amy 2120 this
one here 20 60 180 alright set a million
times I'm not for brand names okay
the Andes are okay but honestly this one
here this is a good brush bristles are
intact maybe use that mutt enough but
this is what the other any brush I have
and the bristles are coming now it's
party I mean uses anymore alright but on
the other side I got a brush here no
need guys for a dollar at the dollar
tour of the Dollar Tree all right
bristles this is a hard brush I use all
the time for woofing when I'm going on
you know deep with my hair is long he's
in control the bristles are staying in
for a dollar
alright let's just show how much these
ones cost here it only cost a dollar
this one here came through for me I've
got actually two of these I've got one
is my ban all right it's not all about
the names about the kind of you know
bristles
the quality of it being made with the Oh
with the personal all of these here are
more hair bristles 100% boy is pretty
good with controlling the hair meetings
you'll pretty much use mediums and
soulfood use when you just got a haircut
using the hard when you know a fresh
haircut with this stuff would possibly
you know dig into my scalp this one here
it's my super hard you know hard brush
nothing no name I'll actually think this
is actually a waving for some and I'm
pretty sure I'm even forcing that
there's a Walmart that's a good hard
brush not a little expensive well made
and it really had a problem with these
bristles coming out or anything like
that
Annie's they're pretty much notorious
for that kind of stuff that my
experience another way brush waiting for
sir good hard brush this is my I'm
within a month or more I need some
control with my hair brushing this comes
through for me every single time
another wavy for some kind of a longer
brush I don't really use this much
because in my bathroom this is a medium
medium brush Manuel will made good
bristles to it and everything else I
also really like the long handle my
personal preference nothing wrong with
it just my personal purpose what I what
I feel another one a military brush this
is another medium well me know not a big
problem with the bristles and everything
a lot of guys like this because they're
able to use this Palmas in their head
and just go to work your personal
preference I just definitely want people
not to be stuck on names you know what a
tea is that is that at any 500000 28 all
that stuff doesn't matter find you a
good brush that is in your budget don't
go spending crazy you know amounts like
a gold tip brush with wave helping
bristles ain't no such thing get you a
good brush
trol your hair that is the purpose of it
and it's gonna last you alright that's
pretty much it a big long video let's
get you a good brush any questions you
got for me if I can help you let me know
hit me up definitely subscribe Spin City
360 so net is the website join we got
over a thousand members many
knowledgeable people on there and I
would try to answer questions the best
that we can that the do-rag stuff coming
the ties whatever it is stuff to cover
your hair we got that coming soon yeah